What a big breath
You are here, when will Mr. Democracy come?
Water change
Governor Xuan Paper Guan Qianlin
Mr. Democracy may arrive a little later
So he sent me here to help you
That's fine.
The rice paper official came
It must be that the temple of guilt is not as good as the Lord of God
Now we just need to buy time
Just wait for the rice paper officer to come.
Boy, you have repeatedly provoked the pillars of the country
Even listen to the arrangement of the ninth brother of the temple and the wind
Counterfeit and die side by side
Trying to deceive us
Your behavior has seriously violated national law
So what?
Boy, do you really think you helped Jiu Ge and the style?
Counterfeit Temple Lord
They can really take care of you, right?